fix(curriculum): Clarify understand-string-immutability (#47448)
freeCodeCamp/freeCodeCamp: curriculum/challenges/english/02-javascript-algorithms-and-data-structures/basic-javascript/understand-string-immutability.md

In JavaScript, `String` values are <dfn>immutable</dfn>, which means that they cannot be altered once created.

> For example, the following code cannot change the first letter of the string `Bob` to a `J`:

Reviewer: perhaps
```suggestion
For example, the following code will produce an error because the letter `B` in the string `Bob` cannot be changed to the letter `J`:
```
